Date: 12/16/24
I just started this project today, I feel a little bit behind on the progress. I was absent on Friday
which puts me significantly behind of everyone else because of how much I missed, which is the Caesar
and substitution ciphers. I have started to work on the Caesar and Substitution Ciphers but I don't
know how hard or challenging they will be to complete.

Date: 12/17/24
I completed the Caesar cipher, as it was pretty easy and the code was provided in a previous week, which I
greatly appreciate as the code helped me quickly advance to the substitution cipher. I worked on the cipher
logic today, and I also decided on the second cipher I needed to do, which was Viginere, a similar version of
Caesar with a different calculation concept, requiring a table to check values. I am through some of the 
Substitution, and not as far with the Viginere as I would have hoped.

Date: 12/18/24
I am struggling with the generation of the substitution ciphers and the viginere ciphers, as those are the 
two hardest. I am fully done and not going to mention Caesar now, but the conversion is giving me a
little trouble for viginere and substitution. As well as that, the key that is being generated is only going
forwards, giving me a double encode instead of one encode and one decode, re-outputting my original input. Not
to mention using traditional decoder websites like dcode.fr, recommended by Mr. Estep doesnt work on this code at
all. It is a combination of my code and the way that I have set it up that is stumping me, so I need to fix the logical portions of these
two ciphers.

Date: 12/19/24 - 8:27 PM
I have finally finished the substitution cipher and the main.java for my code, all that I need to do is now fix the viginere cipher and 
I will be complete with this project. I have simplified a lot of the code and I hope that now it is very readable
but it also makes a lot of intuitive sense on how it works, especially substitution, as it checks whether the character
is upper or lowercase and performs the same action, leaving out all unnecessary characters, which I am very proud of. 

Date: 12/19/24 - 11:29 PM
My Viginere cipher is fully complete, and it is a very simple design. My main is also revised, and it is long for a main 
but it is functional, with a lot of input validation and checking. I just need to fix formatting and the styling of the code
and add comments to each and every section. I also just pushed this code to GitHub as proof of the projects I am doing in this class. 
I am keeping a record of all the computer science projects and the engineering projects that I do, with code records in GitHub so if 
I ever need a coding internship I can show these as projects I have done. I regret procrastinating this much on the code.

